Update release procedure (#2344)
pylint-dev/astroid: doc/release.md

- Bump the version and release by using `tbump X.Y-1.Z --no-tag --no-push`. (For
  example: `tbump 2.3.5 --no-tag --no-push`. We're not ready to tag before code review.)
- Check the result visually with `git show`.
- Open a merge request against `maintenance/X.Y-1.x` to run the CI tests for this
  branch.
- Consider copying the changelog into the body of the PR to examine the rendered
  markdown.
- Wait for an approval. Avoid using a merge commit. Avoid deleting the maintenance
  branch.
- Checkout `maintenance/X.Y.x` and fast-forward to the new commit.
- Create and push the tag: `git tag vX.Y-1.Z` && `git push --tags`
- Release the version on GitHub with the same name as the tag and copy and paste the
  appropriate changelog in the description. This triggers the PyPI release.
- Freeze the main branch.
- Branch `post-X.Y-1.Z` from `main`.
- `git merge maintenance/X.Y-1.x`: this should have the changelog for `X.Y-1.Z+1` (For
  example `v2.3.6`). This merge is required so `pre-commit autoupdate` works for pylint.
- Fix version conflicts properly, meaning preserve the version numbers of the form
  `X.Y.0-devZ` (For example: `2.4.0-dev6`).

> - Open a merge request against main. Ensure a merge commit is used, because our tooling
>   depends on distinct commits: one that was tagged with the patch release, and another
>   that restores the correct version number (the merge commit you made manually). You can

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Open a merge request against main. Ensure a merge commit is used, because pre-commit need
  the patch release tag to be in the main branch history to consider the patch release as the latest 
  version and this won't be the case with rebase or squash. Our tooling also depends on distinct 
  commits: one that was tagged with the patch release, and another
  that restores the correct version number (the merge commit you made manually). You can
```

> Our tooling also depends on distinct  commits: one that was tagged with the patch release, and another  that restores the correct version number (the merge commit you made manually).
  
  Regarding that : Is it true ? The tbump script, right ?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Open a merge request against main. Ensure a merge commit is used, because pre-commit need
  the patch release tag to be in the main branch history to consider the patch release as the latest 
  version and this won't be the case with rebase or squash. You can
```
